I care about your business
I heard them say
You were almost gone outside the imperial study
So
You're here to make sure I can hold on
I'm worried about you.
The wisteria in Yuan Qinglin's sachet that day
Did you put it?
Do you really doubt me?
Brother Hao, our childhood sweetheart
Have known each other for many years
Everyone can doubt me
But you can't.
Yuan Qingling is really capable
Please rely on a wisteria list.
Destroy your heart for me
He's always been like this
Don't take it if you can't get it.
So that's what you think.
Too bad you missed it
Yuan Qinglin has never been to Yunxiao Hall since entering the mansion
So he doesn't know.
Grandfather can't touch wisteria
What!
Then he must have learned it from someone else
After all, he is the daughter of the Duke of Jing
He Mingcun did not mention it in the past
I only ask you the truth today
Was it you who poisoned Nanny Heshi that day?
If the King of Chu doubts me
Produce evidence
Don't ask me
Things I haven't done
Will never admit it
He actually doubted me.
Could it be that you like Yuan Qingling?
That's impossible.
That kind of woman
Yuwen Hao will definitely not like it
He must still have me in his heart